---
title: Announcing Up State
date: 2015-07-10 07:00 UTC
tags: business
---

<a href="http://www.upstatebiz.com/">Up State is a WordPress website building service</a>. The Up State service generates websites and gets them into the State of Up - online, launched, live. Not only does Up State get your website launched, but it'll be a **high quality**, **mobile-responsive** website, built in just one week. There's no quotes, no haggling, no weird stuff, just a flat-rate price of $999.

That's Up State.

## Is this for me?

I created Up State for two types of people:

1. You're a **small business owner** and you need a website to promote your business.
2. **You're a leader** at a company that is launching a new product, organizing a conference, or starting a new marketing campaign and you need to promote your product by creating a new website.

You may have tried the following ways of getting a website up:

* Do-It-Yourself
* Hire a freelancer
* Hire an agency

…and you had results ranging from **wtf** to **meh** to **okay-we're-broke-now**. And maybe you wondered if there was something else that could make the whole process easier.

## Is my project a fit?

Up State isn't for every project. It's meant for small, simple projects — usually brochure-style websites that only require some basic functionality: contact form, content slider, a mailing list sign up form, and so on. These are the types of features that come prepackaged with most premium WordPress themes.

If your project requires more advanced functionality, like eCommerce, webinar sign ups, subscription services, or a lot of design customization, then sometimes Up State is a great way to quickly jumpstart your project and put you ahead of schedule. Starting with a premium theme allows for the streamlining of a lot of design and layout decisions. It keeps costs down and saves time.

Up State makes sense for brand new projects as well as for existing, older websites that need to be totally refreshed. Up State websites are created with modern specs: a mobile-friendly responsive design, Google Analytics, global SEO, optimized page loading, and spam filters.

## Everyone wins

As a developer/designer, I get to be more productive by offering a standardized, streamlined service. My clients get a great product that's tailored just for them and they get to save time, money, and sanity. Awesome!!

## Up next

I'm planning on creating a "playbook" that describes the whole process of building an Up State website. It will include cool stuff like which plugins I like to use and how I take my client's goals into consideration throughout the process. I'm also thinking about creating some add-on packages for more advanced analytics and visitor tracking -- or possibly a more involved SEO package.

Is there something else you'd want in a new website? I'd love to hear what you're looking for in the comments below.
